Drivers Table:
================
NOTE: May need to add serial number from bluetooth device. For now, I will use the license number as the id.

Entry Attribute             DataType

id                          integer
first_name                  string
middle_name                 string
last_name                   string

dob                         date
typeid                      string

address                     string
city                        string
state                       string
zipcode                     integer

race                        string
sex                         string
height                      integer
weight                      integer
license                     integer
phone_number                integer

training_completion_date    date
permit_expiration_date      date
physical_expiration_date    date
permit_number               integer

status                      string
owner                       string
company_name                string
valid                       boolean

average_ratings             decimal
total_ratings               integer

Rating Table:
================

id                          integer
driver_id                   integer  ----> This will correspond to the driver's license number
rating                      integer
comments                    string
timestamp                   timestamp
